README update (#148)
Mirantis/mke-docs: README.md

# MKE 4 Developer Documentation

> This repository contains MKE 4 documentation
> as well as all the assets required to build
> the [MKE 4 documentation website](https://mirantis.github.io/mke-docs/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `mke-docs` repository contains the MKE 4 documentation content and all of the assets that are required to build the [MKE 4 documentation website](https://mirantis.github.io/mke-docs/), which uses Hugo with the [Hextra theme](https://imfing.github.io/hextra/). Currently, the docs are published using GitHub actions on GitHub pages from the `main` branch.
```

## Contribute to the documentation

To contribute to the documentation, open a PR in this repository.

> 

Reviewer: In my opinion, this is redundant and unnecessary. Please remove.

> ## Build and preview documentation
> 
> To build and preview your changes locally,
> install [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/installation/), and run:
> 
> ```bash
> hugo server
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Build and preview MKE 4 documentation

1. Install [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/installation/).

2. Start the Hugo server from within your local `mke-docs` repository:

   ```bash
   hugo server
   ```
3. View the local build of documentation at http://localhost:1313/mke-docs/.
```

> The documentation site is build using [Hextra theme](https://imfing.github.io/hextra/).

Reviewer: Moved this information to the top in a previous review comment.
